## 2 September 2022
Dylan Titmuss  

#### Attendees
Gilli, Dylan, Aleck, Jim

#### Housing in Eilat
* preferred Airbnb choice: "Stylish 3BR Golf Residence Eilat"
* other option of booking 2-3 studio apartments instead of Airbnb -- price was 21,000 NIS (compared to 18,000 for the Airbnb); Gilli emailed to follow up about a discount. With this option, could potentially save money by booking 2 apts for the time Aleck & Jim will be in Eilat, and only booking the 3rd for the days Boaz will be in Eilat as well.
* check-in date should be October 25; check-out date should be November 13. Spend one night in Tel Aviv before flying back to the US.
* since it is the holiday season, we decided that Aleck will book the Airbnb for now and cancel if Gilli is able to get a better deal for the studio apartments.
* would be great to borrow or rent bikes -- Gilli will ask around.

#### Filtration experiment data
* Gilli thinks the magnitude of DIC decrease seems reasonable, given higher concentration than she's used to + different omega of Atlantic SW
* Jim says the timescale of the drop matches what he would expect environmentally
* when Gilli does work with higher-omega water & lower concentration, she sees a drop of about 20umol

#### Next week's meeting
* Dylan will have tested both the RBR and Seabird CTDs against each other
* Dylan will have run another filtration experiment and shared the results
* _We will hopefully have an update on CHANOS & will be able to make a call about whether we can bring it._
* We should make decisions about what types of sediment for mesocosm exp. (at least two: flood, Red Sea; not air dust?), what concentrations to use, what type of conditions we want to control (saturation state?; salinity?; can't control temp but can record it).
   * Last time: two types of sediment & three concentrations; three (or four?) hours per experiment.
   * Gilli, Eyal, and Boaz planning to meet to discuss a plan.
* Do we need/want a plankton net for anything?
